Carroll Thompson is a British lovers rock singer, best known as the “Queen of Lovers Rock”
The Meatmen are an American punk band headed by Tesco Vee, originally existing from 1981 to 1988, before reforming in the mid-1990s, and again in the 2000s. They were known for their outrageous stage antics and offensive lyrics. They reformed in 2008 and continue to tour and record.
Miles Dewey Davis III (May 26, 1926 – September 28, 1991) was an American jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer. He is among the most influential and acclaimed figures in the history of jazz and 20th century music. Davis adopted a variety of musical directions in a five-decade career that kept him at the forefront of many major stylistic developments in jazz.Born and raised in Illinois, Davis left to study at the Juilliard School in New York City, before dropping out and making his professional debut as a member of saxophonist Charlie Parker's bebop quintet from 1944 to 1948. Shortly after, he recorded the Birth of the Cool sessions for Capitol Records, which were instrumental to the development of cool jazz. In the early 1950s, Miles Davis recorded some of the earliest hard bop music while on Prestige Records but did so haphazardly due to a heroin addiction. After a widely acclaimed comeback performance at the Newport Jazz Festival in 1955, he signed a long-term contract with Columbia Records and recorded the 1957 album 'Round About Midnight. It was his first work with saxophonist John Coltrane and bassist Paul Chambers, key members of the sextet he led into the early 1960s. During this period, he alternated between orchestral jazz collaborations with arranger Gil Evans, such as the Spanish-influenced Sketches of Spain (1960), and band recordings, such as Milestones (1958) and Kind of Blue (1959). The latter recording remains one of the most popular jazz albums of all time, having sold over four million copies in the U.S.Davis made several line-up changes while recording Someday My Prince Will Come (1961), his 1961 Blackhawk concerts, and Seven Steps to Heaven (1963), another mainstream success that introduced bassist Ron Carter, pianist Herbie Hancock, and drummer Tony Williams. After adding saxophonist Wayne Shorter to his new quintet in 1964, Davis led them on a series of more abstract recordings often composed by the band members, helping pioneer the post-bop genre with albums such as E.S.P (1965) and Miles Smiles (1967), before transitioning into his electric period. During the 1970s, he  experimented with rock, funk, African rhythms, emerging electronic music technology, and an ever-changing line-up of musicians, including keyboardist Joe Zawinul, drummer Al Foster, and guitarist John McLaughlin. This period, beginning with Davis' 1969 studio album In a Silent Way and concluding with the 1975 concert recording Agharta, was the most controversial in his career, alienating and challenging many in jazz. His million-selling 1970 record Bitches Brew helped spark a resurgence in the genre's commercial popularity with jazz fusion as the decade progressed.After a five-year retirement due to poor health, Davis resumed his career in the 1980s, employing younger musicians and pop sounds on albums such as The Man with the Horn (1981) and Tutu (1986). Critics were generally unreceptive but the decade garnered the trumpeter his highest level of commercial recognition. He performed sold-out concerts worldwide while branching out into visual arts, film, and television work, before his death in 1991 from the combined effects of a stroke, pneumonia and respiratory failure. In 2006, Davis was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which recognized him as "one of the key figures in the history of jazz." Rolling Stone described him as "the most revered jazz trumpeter of all time, not to mention one of the most important musicians of the 20th century," while Gerald Early called him inarguably one of the most influential and innovative musicians of that period.
Eagle-Eye Lanoo Cherry (born 7 May 1968) is a Swedish singer and stage-performer from Stockholm, Sweden. He is known for his single "Save Tonight" which received commercial success in Ireland, the United States and the United Kingdom, and was voted song of the year in New Zealand. Eagle-Eye Cherry is of Choctaw descent, the son of a jazz artist. He pursued acting during high school, attending class alongside contemporaries Jennifer Aniston and Chaz Bono. Cherry’s acting career was set aside as his musical career took precedence in his life with his debut album Desireless in 1997. He has released several other albums since his debut, and has co-written for other artists and films, and has guest-starred on reality television. Cherry's music is of the acoustic, rock, post-grunge and alternative rock genres.
Deepack is a hardstyle duo from the Netherlands consisting of Frank Pechler and Marcel Van Der Zwan. The two met in high school in the 1990s, and started producing together directly after they graduated. In 2001, they teamed up with Dutch Hardcore legend Charly Lownoise. Their first releases were on the record label of Dutch party planning organization Q-dance. Deepack have had strong ties with Q-dance, even producing the anthem for their biggest event, Qlimax, in 2003.They founded their own record label called "Hardcopy Recordings"  in 2006, where artists like Josh & Wesz  and the Stereotuners  have had releases.Deepack have collaborated with many hardstyle acts over the years, including D-Block & S-te-Fan, Showtek, and The Prophet. In 2010, they produced a remix of the anthem for the Q-dance party "In Qontrol" under the alias Dock 45, as they wanted a name to organize their house music releases under.
autoKratz are a London based electronic duo composed of David Cox and Russell Crank. They have released on both French electronic label Kitsuné Music and their own imprint Bad Life.
The giant panda (Ailuropoda melanoleuca; Chinese: 大熊猫; pinyin: dà xióng māo), also known as panda bear or simply panda, is a bear native to south central China. It is easily recognized by the large, distinctive black patches around its eyes, over the ears, and across its round body. The name "giant panda" is sometimes used to distinguish it from the red panda. Though it belongs to the order Carnivora, the giant panda is a folivore, with bamboo shoots and leaves making up more than 99% of its diet. Giant pandas in the wild will occasionally eat other grasses, wild tubers, or even meat in the form of birds, rodents, or carrion. In captivity, they may receive honey, eggs, fish, yams, shrub leaves, oranges, or bananas along with specially prepared food.The giant panda lives in a few mountain ranges in central China, mainly in Sichuan, but also in neighbouring Shaanxi and Gansu. As a result of farming, deforestation, and other development, the giant panda has been driven out of the lowland areas where it once lived.The giant panda is a conservation-reliant vulnerable species. A 2007 report showed 239 pandas living in captivity inside China and another 27 outside the country. As of December 2014, 49 giant pandas lived in captivity outside China, living in 18 zoos in 13 different countries. Wild population estimates vary; one estimate shows that there are about 1,590 individuals living in the wild, while a 2006 study via DNA analysis estimated that this figure could be as high as 2,000 to 3,000. Some reports also show that the number of giant pandas in the wild is on the rise. In March 2015, conservation news site Mongabay stated that the wild giant panda population had increased by 268, or 16.8%, to 1,864. In 2016, the IUCN reclassified the species from "endangered" to "vulnerable".While the dragon has often served as China's national symbol, internationally the giant panda has often filled this role. As such, it is becoming widely used within China in international contexts, for example, appearing since 1982 on gold panda bullion coins and as one of the five Fuwa mascots of the Beijing Olympics.
Kris Menace (born Christoph Hoeffel) is an electronic musician and music producer.
Lizzie Douglas (June 3, 1897 – August 6, 1973), known as Memphis Minnie, was a blues guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter whose recording career lasted for over three decades. She recorded around 200 songs, some of the best known being "Bumble Bee", "Nothing in Rambling", and "Me and My Chauffeur Blues".
The Advent is a British electronic music act. It was founded in 1993 by Cisco Ferreira and Colin McBean. Soon after leaving school, Ferreira began working as an engineer at Jack Trax Records, a job which enabled him to glimpse first-hand the work of such artists as Derrick May and Marshall Jefferson. He began recording in 1988 with C.J. Bolland as Space Opera (eventually releasing four singles for R&S Records) and also recorded the first single for Fragile ("Why Don't You Answer" as himself) before meeting McBean, a top DJ who had worked with Keith Franklin of Bang the Party as the DJ team KCC.
American Pie 2 is a 2001 American sex comedy film and the sequel to the 1999 film American Pie and the second film in the American Pie film series. It was written by Adam Herz and David H. Steinberg and directed by James B. Rogers. The film picks up the story of the five friends from the first film as they reunite during the summer after their first year of college. It was released in the United States on August 10, 2001, and grossed over $145 million in the US and $142 million overseas on a budget of $30 million, making it highest grossing film in the franchise at just under $288 million worldwide. It was followed by another sequel, American Wedding.The film tells the story of five friends Jim, Kevin, Steve ("Stifler"), Chris ("Oz") and Paul ("Finch") and their attempts to have the greatest summer party ever. Much of the film takes place at a summer beach house in Grand Haven, Michigan, per Kevin's older brother's suggestion.
Graham Matthew Jay (10 October 1978 – 25 September 2003) was an English singer-songwriter.Signed to EMI imprint Food Records in 1999, Jay released his debut album, Draw, in 2001. He died in the early hours of 25 September 2003 from a fall from his seventh floor flat in Willesden, London. A posthumous album Further Than Tomorrow was released in 2008.
Paula Toller (born on August 23, 1962) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter. Toller is most known as the lead singer of Kid Abelha. In 1998, she released her self-titled first solo album, which was very well received. Her second solo album, titled SóNós, was released in 2007.
Akercocke are an English extreme metal band from London, formed in 1997 by Jason Mendonca and David Gray. The band also features Paul Scanlan and Nathanael Underwood.
Davenie Johanna "Joey" Heatherton (born September 14, 1944) is an American actress, dancer, and singer. A sex symbol of the 1960s and 1970s, she is best known for her many television appearances during that time, particularly as a frequent variety show performer, although she also appeared in acting roles. She performed for over a decade on USO tours presented by Bob Hope, and starred in several feature films including My Blood Runs Cold (1965) and The Happy Hooker Goes to Washington (1977).
Migel Antonio Puente Aguilar (born May 8, 1948 in San Luis Potosí, San Luis Potosí) is a Mexican former professional baseball pitcher. The right-hander was signed by the San Francisco Giants as an amateur free agent before the 1968 season, and he played for the Giants in 1970.
Cheb i Sabbah (August 7, 1947 – November 6, 2013) was a DJ and composer/producer known for combining Asian, Arabian, and African sounds into his compositions. Sabbah was of Jewish and Berber descent. He was born in Algeria and came from a family of musicians. When he was a teenager, Sabbah moved to Paris and, in 1964, began his career DJing American soul music records. In 1984, he settled as a DJ in San Francisco. In 1989 he began using the stage name "Cheb i Sabbah", which translates to "young of the morning". He has seven recordings on the Six Degrees Records label.Sabbah's performances included live musicians, dancers and massive projected visuals, backing up his electronic music. He was nominated for the BBC's 2006 Award for World Music in the Club Global category.His song "Toura Toura: Nav Deep Remix" was featured in soundtrack of FIFA 08 as well as Cricket 07.Sabbah was diagnosed with stage 4 stomach cancer in May 2011.He died on November 6, 2013 in San Francisco.
Serafín Lizoain Vidondo (born 20 April 1964 in Pamplona, Spain) better known as Serafín Zubiri is a singer, composer and piano player.
Instigators were an anarcho-punk band from Dewsbury, England, formed in 1980. The original line-up split up in the mid-1980s, but the band carried on into the 1990s.
Elia David Cmíral (; born October 1, 1950) is a Czech composer for film, television, ballet, and video games. He has worked on numerous projects across multiple genres, though he is arguably best known for his work in the thriller and horror cinema, and has collaborated with filmmakers like Wes Craven, John Frankenheimer, John Travolta, and Ernest Dickerson.
28 Costumes, also known as the Cossies, are a Liverpool pop band.  They signed to Spank Records in late 2003 and released four singles and an album with the label.  Their album, The Fake Death Experience was reviewed positively in, amongst other publications, The Independent and Artrocker magazine.  The band have since released the EP Electrical Fever on Invicta Hi Fi Records, and self-released the single "Erika" / "Death Mask".Their records have been featured on UK based radio stations by DJs Steve Lamacq, Huw Stephens, Janice Long and John Kennedy.  The single "Erika" was featured on Hollyoaks and on BBC One programming.The band played at the South by Southwest festival in Austin, Texas in 2007, at Glastonbury Festival in 2008, and supported Editors and Futureheads on tour.In April 2010, lead singer Chris moved to Berlin. There was a farewell concert held at Le Bateau, Liverpool, in which the original line-up of the band re-united. The band have 2 albums recorded and finished that are yet to be released. The first (Adnventure Stories) was recorded shortly after the release of their debut album and the second (This Band Has Eaten All Our Money) was recorded in the summer of 2008. Currently the band are working on the 4th Long Player as well as pursuing various other musical projects including Hallo...I Love You! Silent Sleep, Elle S'Appelle and House That Jack Built.
Walt is a masculine given name, generally a short form of Walter, and occasionally a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Tonino Carotone (born Antonio de la Cuesta on 9 January 1970 in Burgos, Spain) is a Spanish singer-songwriter. "Carotone" in his stage name literally means "Big face" in Spanish, and it is commonly used to mean "poker face" or "bold as brass". The majority of his childhood and adolescence were spent in Pamplona, Spain. In 1995, Tonino moved to Italy, where he gained success five years later after releasing the single Me cago en el amor from his debut album Mondo difficile. In 2003, Tonino released another album, Senza Ritorno.
The Mountain Goats (stylized "the Mountain Goats") are an American band formed in Claremont, California by singer-songwriter John Darnielle. The band is currently based in Durham, North Carolina. For many years, the sole member of the Mountain Goats was Darnielle, despite the plural moniker. Although he remains the core member of the band, he has worked with a variety of collaborators over time, including bassist and vocalist Peter Hughes, drummer Jon Wurster, multi-instrumentalist Matt Douglas, singer-songwriter Franklin Bruno, bassist and vocalist Rachel Ware, singer-songwriter/producer John Vanderslice, guitarist Kaki King, and multi-instrumentalist Annie Clark.Throughout the 1990s, the Mountain Goats were known for producing low-fidelity home recordings (most notably, on a cassette deck boombox) and releasing recordings in cassette or vinyl 7" formats.  Since 2002, the Mountain Goats have adopted a more polished approach, recording studio albums with a full band, while still maintaining organically emotional lyrical motifs.
Unwed Sailor is an American, mostly instrumental band, formed in 1998 by Johnathon Ford, with recordings that range from instrumental rock to ambient drones. The band's touring and recording lineups have largely been in rotation over the years, with the core member being bassist Ford. Unwed Sailor has consistently toured throughout the United States and Europe since its inception in 1998.
Call to Preserve was an American Christian and straight edge crossover thrash band who played a fusion hardcore punk and metalcore group. They come from Rockledge, Florida. The band started making music in 2003, and disbanded in 2011. Their membership was vocalist, John Ellis, guitarists, Duke Ahrens, Matt Aviles, and Harbor Partin, bass guitarist, Kyle Bowen, and drummer, Mike Aviles. The band released one independently made extended play, Call to Preserve, in 2003. Their first studio album, Unsinkable, was released by Strike First Records, in 2006. The subsequent studio album, From Isolation, was released by Facedown Records, in 2008. They released, Life of Defiance, with Facedown Records, in 2010, and this was final studio album. Their last release, an extended play, Validation, was released by Facedown Records, in 2011, marking this as their final musical recording.
Charlie Parr is an American country blues musician. Born in Austin, Minnesota, he spent part of his childhood in Hollandale before starting his music career in Duluth. His influences include Charlie Patton, Bukka White, Reverend Gary Davis, Dave Van Ronk, and Mississippi John Hurt. He plays a Mule resonator, National resonator guitar, a fretless open-back banjo, and a twelve-string guitar, often in the Piedmont blues style. He is married to Emily Parr, who occasionally adds vocals to his music. He has two children.His song "1922" was featured in an Australian and New Zealand television advertisement for Vodafone. As a consequence his album 1922 was re-released in Australia on the Level 2 record label in Melbourne. In 2009, Parr toured Australia with Paul Kelly.Several of Parr's songs were featured in the Australian drama film Red Hill (2010), including a full rendition of "Just Like Today" in the closing credits of the film. His music was also featured in the background of a commercial for Gerber Gear entitled "Hello Trouble". It features the song "Ain't No Grave Gonna Hold My Body Down".Parr played at the 2011 Pickathon Music Festival in Oregon and the 2012 Willamina's Wildwood MusicFest & Campout and has been a featured performer at the Mid West Music Fest.
Street Dogs are an American punk rock band from Boston, Massachusetts, formed in 2002 by former Dropkick Murphys singer Mike McColgan.
Frank-Martin Strauß, better known as F.M. Einheit and also known as Mufti, (born 18 December 1958, in Dortmund) is an industrial and electronic musician and actor from Germany.While primarily known for his percussion work with the influential group Einstürzende Neubauten, he has also collaborated with KMFDM, Goethes Erben and recorded several albums in collaboration with other musicians (such as Diamanda Galás, Mona Mur, Andreas Ammer, Ulrike Haage) and solo. Einheit was also involved in the projects Stein and Gry.
The Breakaways were an English female vocal trio, formed in 1962. Britain's premier session vocalists throughout the 1960s, The Breakaways also recorded a handful of little-known girl group singles.
Hannah Morris is an American anthropologist, known for her contribution to the Rising Star Expedition as one of the six women Underground Astronauts. She is currently a PhD student in the Warnell School of Forestry and Natural Resources at the University of Georgia, studying"the implications of human actions on vegetative ecosystems".
Hadag Nahash (Hebrew: הדג נחש‎ ha-Dag Nachash, [(h)aˈdaɡ naˈxaʃ]) is an Israeli hip hop/funk band, founded in 1996 in Jerusalem. The band is known for its leftist political statements in many of its songs. Some of the band's songs have been used in protests.
Grand Funk Railroad, sometimes shortened as Grand Funk, is an American hard rock band popular during the 1970s, when they toured extensively and played to packed arenas worldwide. David Fricke of Rolling Stone magazine once said, "You cannot talk about rock in the 1970s without talking about Grand Funk Railroad!" Known for their crowd-pleasing arena rock style, the band was well-regarded by audiences despite a relative lack of critical acclaim. The band's name is a play on words of the Grand Trunk Western Railroad, a line that runs through the band's home town of Flint, Michigan.
3OH!3 (pronounced "three oh three") is an American electronic music duo from Boulder, Colorado, made up of Sean Foreman and Nathaniel Motte. They are best known for their single "Don't Trust Me" from their album Want, which reached number seven on the Billboard Hot 100. Their second single, a remix of "Starstrukk" featuring Katy Perry from Want, was a top ten hit in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Finland, Poland, and Australia. They gained further recognition by featuring Kesha on the song "My First Kiss", which was made the lead single from their album Streets of Gold. The album later peaked at number seven on the Billboard 200.
Lullatone is a Japanese musical duo based in Nagoya, whose music is characterized by an innocent, childlike quality and spare, lo-fi sounds. Although the group refers to their style of music as "pajama-pop", it is commonly included in such musical subgenres as electronic and indie pop. It is influenced by such diverse sources as bossa nova, French pop music of the 1960s, children's songs and musique concrète.
The egg is the organic vessel containing the zygote in which an embryo develops until it can survive on its own, at which point the animal hatches. An egg results from fertilization of an egg cell. Most arthropods, vertebrates (excluding mammals), and mollusks lay eggs, although some, such as scorpions, do not.Reptile eggs, bird eggs, and monotreme eggs are laid out of water and are surrounded by a protective shell, either flexible or inflexible. Eggs laid on land or in nests are usually kept within a warm and favorable temperature range while the embryo grows. When the embryo is adequately developed it hatches, i.e., breaks out of the egg's shell. Some embryos have a temporary egg tooth they use to crack, pip, or break the eggshell or covering.The largest recorded egg is from a whale shark and was 30 cm × 14 cm × 9 cm (11.8 in × 5.5 in × 3.5 in) in size. Whale shark eggs typically hatch within the mother. At 1.5 kg (3.3 lb) and up to 17.8 cm × 14 cm (7.0 in × 5.5 in), the ostrich egg is the largest egg of any living bird, though the extinct elephant bird and some dinosaurs laid larger eggs. The bee hummingbird produces the smallest known bird egg, which weighs half of a gram (around 0.02 oz). Some eggs laid by reptiles and most fish, amphibians, insects, and other invertebrates can be even smaller.Reproductive structures similar to the egg in other kingdoms are termed "spores," or in spermatophytes "seeds," or in gametophytes "egg cells".
Stephan Eicher (born 17 August 1960) is a Swiss singer.His songs are sung in a variety of languages, including French, German, English, Italian, Swiss German, and Romanche. Sometimes he even uses different languages in the same piece.His success started in German-speaking countries in the 1980s when as part of the band Grauzone he had a hit single "Eisbär". With hit songs such as "Combien de Temps" and "Oh Ironie", his popularity spread Europe-wide with various albums, tours, and chart success in France and Switzerland.
